This is a city called Staufen, located in the Black Forest near southwestern Germany.
When you go around, he looks like an ordinary German town.
But a little weird
On some buildings, there is a fake tape trace
The slogan "Staufen must not break down!"
Unfortunately, it’s a bit too late.
Local government tries to drill geothermal energy
Behind the town hall, they drilled seven holes
On the ground floor of Staufen, there is a thick layer of anhydrite
Under that, it is a layer of aquifer rich in groundwater.
Pressurized groundwater seeps into the anhydrite layer
Causes the formation of gypsum and expands by 50%
Unfortunately, this means that the surface will be raised with bulges.
Lead to the cracks in every household
The first crack took two weeks to emerge
From excavation to the present decades
The town hall has been raised nearly half a meter
The sidewalk is also a similar number...
It may not sound much, but if everything
The average bulge, that may not be a problem
But the problem is that every structure of the house
The amount of movement is different
Modern architecture cannot overcome this situation
City Hall was built in 1546
The result is... cracking
Water oozing from the aquifer, rising from the borehole
What they want to do is to exclude the water.
Let the pressure of the aquifer fall
Let them no longer seep out from the hole
They pumped water at about every liter per second.
The expansion speed starts at about one centimeter per month.
It’s already one millimeter per month.
But still in expansion, even a millimeter is too much for every house.
In theory, they can terminate this situation.
You can't just plug the water like a bathtub, it's okay.
This is not a plane
But three-dimensional
You will need a very big plug, but you don't know where he is.
The drilling company compromised in court and compensated for one million euros
But the damage he caused was at least 50 times that of him.
At least eight other German towns have similar problems.
Geothermal drilling is very popular, but not so regulated
When industry and country learn from mistakes
It’s too late for these towns.
Thank you, Constantijn Crijnen (personal name)
At the beginning, he recommended this short film.
He personally also has a 3D print related
Youtube videos, if you are interested, let's go.